# Data for replication the experiments in TARP

The folder data contains all the parameters and samples used in our experiments.

* The data contains five groups. Each group has two .csv files. In each group, the first file [Output_Passenger_Board](data/R10-1440-720/Output_Passenger_Board) specifies the dynamic passenger arriving volumes at each station for each stochastic scenario. The second file [Output_Passenger_Alight](data/R10-1440-720/Output_Passenger_Alight) specifics the cumulative volume of alighting passengers at each station for each stochastic scenario. In addition, some other related parameters are also listed in the data set.
* In each file [Output_Passenger_Board](data/R10-1440-720/Output_Passenger_Board), the first row reports some basic parameter settings, involving the investment cost, number of time units, and instance type. The second row reports the index of stations, from station 1 to station 26. The following rows present the detailed passenger arriving data, from the first scenario to the last scenario. In each scenario, the passenger related data are grouped into blocks. In each block, the first column indicates the index of time units. Each element in the other columns represents the passenger arrival rate at one specific station on each time unit.
* In each file [Output_Passenger_Alight](data/R10-1440-720/Output_Passenger_Alight), the basic settings are the same as those in [Output_Passenger_Board](data/R10-1440-720/Output_Passenger_Board). Differently, each element in this file represents the cumulative volume of alighting passengers (i.e., $\alpha_{it}^w$) in our model.
* If you have any questions or recommedations, or if you want to know more details about the data sets and implementations in Beijing metro, please email me directly  at jtyin@bjtu.edu.cn (^_^)
